Teachers’ interview  conclusion transcripts

Leading Year 2-1

S01 [00:00:01]: And what would you like me to do, would you like me to talk about the project? (.) Yeah, so just really impressed at how easy and how quick you could generate lessons with questions. And what I love is you said that we could differentiate quite easily for children who speak other languages as well. So I think this is actually a massive game changer for teachers. So, yeah, amazing. I would definitely use it in my class, for sure.

Leading Year 2-2
“I think this is a fantastic program. I can definitely see it helping children, not only in the classroom, but also as supplementary homework or to support parents trying to teach things or revise things that have been taught in class. We did the conjugation of verbs and I thought the story was really lovely. My only suggestion would be maybe having a bit more of an interaction, interactive games to practice the skill that they have been taught so you can see how they fare. And maybe even having like five consecutive exercises so that they can see are they improving with the practice or not.”

Assistant Year 2-1
S00 [00:00:01]: I think the tool is very interesting for teachers, especially for the year group that I am in, because we do comprehension and it would be great to generate our own stories so that we can make the lessons more understandable for children. (...) I think there needs to be a reflection on the level of language that the tool uses for the age group, just to make sure that the language is not too elevated and to make sure the story is really understandable for all children, especially in an international school where children have multiple languages, (..) and so their English isn't always perfect and their comprehension isn't always perfect. (...) [00:01:10] That's it really, that's my critical.

Assistant Year 2-2
We do PHAC lessons where we talk about how to be a kinder friend, have empathy, we talk a lot about bullying at the school, we have a big anti-bullying programme, and I think that would be a really useful tool to generate stories about even specific children, to put them in the story, for them to understand empathy. (...) And so therefore, yes, I think I would use it in the classroom, I think it would be really interesting.
